1.
Machine Learning in finance helps in portfolio management, algorithmic trading, loan underwriting, and fraud detection. However, 
future applications of Machine Learning in finance will include Chatbots and other conversational interfaces for security,
 customer service, and sentiment analysis.
2.
Learning is the process of acquiring new understanding, knowledge, behaviors, skills, values, attitudes, and preferences.
 The ability to learn is possessed by humans, animals,
and some machines; there is also evidence for some kind of learning in certain plants.
An expert system is a computer program that is designed to solve complex problems and to provide decision-making ability like a human expert.
 It performs this by extracting knowledge from its knowledge base using the reasoning and inference rules according to the user queries.
3.
It uses computer algorithms that improve their efficiency automatically through experience.
 There are primarily three types of machine learning: Supervised, Unsupervised, and Reinforcement Learning.
4.
Supervised Machine Learning.
Unsupervised Machine Learning.
Semi-Supervised Machine Learning.
Reinforcement Learning.
5.
 Machine learning problem is well-posed if a solution to it exists, if that solution is unique,
 and if that solution depends on the data / experience but it is not sensitive to (reasonably small) changes in the data / experience.
A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T and performance measure P,
 if its performance in tasks T, as measured by P, improves with experience E.
6.
Machine learning is now seen as a silver bullet for solving all problems, but sometimes it is not the answer.
 “If a typical person can do a mental task with less than one second of thought, we can probably automate it using AI either now or in the near future.”
7.
                      Platform	            Written in language

Scikit Learn,	Linux, Mac OS, Windows	  Python, Cython, C, C++
PyTorch	Linux,  Mac OS, Windows	Python,   C++, CUDA
TensorFlow,	Linux, Mac OS, Windows	  Python, C++, CUDA
Weka	Linux,  Mac OS, Windows	Java
 8.
Supervised learning, also known as supervised machine learning,
 is a subcategory of machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
It is defined by its use of labeled datasets to train algorithms that to classify data or predict outcomes accurately
wheras different forms are:Gaussian Naive Bayes. Decision Trees. Support Vector Machine (SVM) Random Forest.
9.
The main difference between supervised and unsupervised learning: Labeled data. The main distinction between the two approaches is the use of labeled datasets. 
To put it simply, supervised learning uses labeled input and output data, while an unsupervised learning algorithm does not.
10.
Machine learning (ML) is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that allows software applications to become more accurate at predicting outcomes
 without being explicitly programmed to do so.
 Machine learning algorithms use historical data as input to predict new output values.
a.
illions of engineers and scientists worldwide use MATLAB for a range of applications, in industry and academia, including deep learning and machine learning,
 signal processing and communications, 
image and video processing, control systems, test and measurement, computational finance, and computational biology.
i.
Deep learning models can interpret medical images like X-ray, MRI scan, CT scan, etc., to perform diagnosis.
 The algorithms can detect any risk and flag anomalies in the medical images. 
Deep learning is extensively used in detecting cancer.
ii.
 market basket analysis is generally used in retail. It is based on the idea that most purchases are impulse buys,
and the analysis attempts to predict what a customer might have purchased had the idea occurred to them.
iii.
Simple linear regression is a regression model that estimates 
the relationship between one independent variable and one dependent variable using a straight line. 
11.
Abstraction reduces complexity by hiding irrelevant detail,
 generalization reduces complexity by replacing multiple entities which perform similar functions with a single construct.
i.
Learning with guidaince includes various algorithms such as Linear Regression,
 Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, Multi-class Classification, Decision tree, Bayesian Logic, etc.
whereas,It includes various algorithms such as Clustering, KNN, and Apriori algorithm.
ii.
Classification is the task of predicting a discrete class label.
Regression is the task of predicting a continuous quantity.

